README.md, before:

# Base codes for Thermography

A python package for decoding and common processing for thermographs / thermograms

[![Quality check](https://github.com/detecttechnologies/thermal_base/actions/workflows/qualitycheck.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/detecttechnologies/thermal_base/actions)

## Install
1. This tool requires exiftool to be installed.
    - **Linux:** Run command `sudo apt-get install exiftool`
    - **Windows:** Download binary from https://exiftool.org/
2. This tool also requires you to have Python 3+ installed. You can install it from the official website (https://www.python.org/downloads/)
2. Install this package with `python3 -m pip install git+https://github.com/detecttechnologies/thermal_base.git@main`

## Usage
Import and use the package as follows:
- Decoding
```python
from thermal_base import ThermalImage

image = ThermalImage(image_path="path/to/image", camera_manufacturer="dji/flir")
thermal_np = image.thermal_np           # The temperature matrix as a np array
raw_sensor_np = image.raw_sensor_np     # The raw thermal sensor excitation values as a np array
meta = image.meta                       # Any other metadata that exiftool picked up
```
- Manipulation
```python
from thermal_base import utils

print(dir(utils))                                   # View manipulation tools available
thermal_np = utils.change_emissivity_for_roi(...)   # Sample: Change the emissivity of an RoI
```

This repo can be used in conjunction with [Thermal-Image-Analysis](https://github.com/detecttechnologies/Thermal-Image-Analysis) for an interactive experience.

## Supported formats
|Data Format|Sample Cameras|Support|
|--|--|--|
|FLIR RJPG with TIFF-format of thermal embedding|Zenmuse XT-2|:heavy_check_mark:|
|FLIR RJPG with PNG-format of thermal embedding|FLIR E-4, T640, T660|:heavy_check_mark:|
|DJI-encoded thermal image|Zenmuse H20-T|:heavy_check_mark:|
|FLIR SEQ Thermal Video|Zenmuse XT-2|:heavy_check_mark:|
|FLIR CSQ Thermal Video|Zenmuse XT-2|:x:|
|Seek HIR Format Images|Seek Shot|:x:|
>*RJPG is also known as R-JPEG

## Notes
* The use case for h20T camera can also be developed with dji-thermal-tool-analysis. Refer to [this link](https://exiftool.org/forum/index.php?topic=11401.0) to know more about the implementation. Also note that this method can be performed only with a 32 bit python interpreter and only on windows platform.

## Credits
* [Exiftool](https://exiftool.org/) is used to read metadata and raw values from thermal image files.
* The `flyr_unpack.py` file for PNG-encoded FLIR metadata was derived from the [flyr library](https://bitbucket.org/nimmerwoner/flyr/src/master/).
* The conversion from raw to temperature values is done using raw2temp from [ThermImage-R](https://github.com/gtatters/Thermimage)

Commit message:

Integrating Thermal SDK for DJI Cameras

README.md, after:

# Base codes for Thermography

A python package for decoding and common processing for thermographs / thermograms

[![Quality check](https://github.com/detecttechnologies/thermal_base/actions/workflows/qualitycheck.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/detecttechnologies/thermal_base/actions)

## Install
1. This tool requires exiftool to be installed.
    - **Linux:** Run command `sudo apt-get install exiftool`
    - **Windows:** Download binary from https://exiftool.org/
2. This tool also requires you to have Python 3+ installed. You can install it from the official website (https://www.python.org/downloads/)
3. DJI-encoded images need folder containing executable files present in the same directory as the python file which imports the thermal_base package. Download the zip file from [here](https://dtpl-ai-public.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/Thermal_Image_Analysis/DJI_SDK/dji_executables.zip) and extract the contents to the location of your python file that uses the `thermal_base` package such that the extracted folder `dji_executables` has 2 subfolders named `linux` and `windows` directly inside of it.
4. Install this package with `python3 -m pip install git+https://github.com/detecttechnologies/thermal_base.git@main`

## Usage
Import and use the package as follows:
- Decoding
```python
from thermal_base import ThermalImage

image = ThermalImage(image_path="path/to/image", camera_manufacturer="dji/flir")
thermal_np = image.thermal_np           # The temperature matrix as a np array
raw_sensor_np = image.raw_sensor_np     # The raw thermal sensor excitation values as a np array
meta = image.meta                       # Any other metadata that exiftool picked up
```
- Manipulation
```python
from thermal_base import utils

print(dir(utils))                                   # View manipulation tools available
thermal_np = utils.change_emissivity_for_roi(...)   # Sample: Change the emissivity of an RoI
```

This repo can be used in conjunction with [Thermal-Image-Analysis](https://github.com/detecttechnologies/Thermal-Image-Analysis) for an interactive experience.

## Supported formats
|Data Format|Sample Cameras|Support|
|--|--|--|
|FLIR RJPG with TIFF-format of thermal embedding|Zenmuse XT-2|:heavy_check_mark:|
|FLIR RJPG with PNG-format of thermal embedding|FLIR E-4, T640, T660|:heavy_check_mark:|
|DJI-encoded thermal image|Zenmuse H20-T|:heavy_check_mark:|
|FLIR SEQ Thermal Video|Zenmuse XT-2|:heavy_check_mark:|
|FLIR CSQ Thermal Video|Zenmuse XT-2|:x:|
|Seek HIR Format Images|Seek Shot|:x:|
>*RJPG is also known as R-JPEG

## Notes
* The use case for h20T camera can also be developed with dji-thermal-tool-analysis. Refer to [this link](https://exiftool.org/forum/index.php?topic=11401.0) to know more about the implementation. Also note that this method can be performed only with a 32 bit python interpreter and only on windows platform.

## Credits
* [Exiftool](https://exiftool.org/) is used to read metadata and raw values from thermal image files.
* The `flyr_unpack.py` file for PNG-encoded FLIR metadata was derived from the [flyr library](https://bitbucket.org/nimmerwoner/flyr/src/master/).
* The conversion from raw to temperature values is done using raw2temp from [ThermImage-R](https://github.com/gtatters/Thermimage)
